## Meeting week 8

## This is the agenda for our meeting with the TA in week 8

Location: Drebbelweg building IZ2\
Date: 04/04/2023\
Time: 15:15 - 15:40\
Main focus: Organize tasks\
Chair: Matus\
Note taker: Konrad

# Opening

_[15:15-15:20] How is everybody doing, did everyone read the agenda,
are there more points outside the agenda that we have to discuss?_
 - everyone is doing good :)

# Points of action

[15:20-15:30] Code contributions since the last week, division of work for the last week  
- Arpi and Jimmy need a major functionality contribution
- Matus and Konrad can work on either client-side or server-side functionalities(probably mostly minor ones)
- Atanas and Robert will work on client-side functionalities for tags and subtasks
  - Robert will look for bugs in the code and in the UI so we can fix them before the deadline
  - Robert should not code much himself to prevent imbalance in code contributions
- Arpi and Jimmy will work on server-side functionalities for tags and subtasks
  - they will possibly extend upon Konrad's template for tag and subtask backend
[15:30-15:40] Deadline coming: HUE and Product Pitch, what needs to be done/repaired?
- deadlines have been extended, so we have more time to work on the final touches
- product pitch is decent, but we need to make it longer (incorporate new app functionalities into the pitch?)


# Closing

[15:40] **What have we agreed upon** in todayâ€™s meeting?
- we will hold a meeting in-person to fix HUE and the product pitch
